Let's see the history of funding.
Funding is a company created, founded
and led by Nacho and Adrián Bautista,
who are two young entrepreneurs
with an enormous potential
who are Power MBA students.
What is Funding dealing with?
Well, it is a crowdfunding platform
that allows small investors,
with a minimum ticket of 500
euros, to invest in renewable
energy projects.
And what we have to keep very careful
is that you do not access
this type of projects otherwise,
unless you have a much larger
capital.
So they are giving small investors
the opportunity to benefit from
a type of investment that
they would not otherwise.
Let us start creating history.
As always, the goal from history
is that the protagonist, that
the customer, feels identified
from the first moment, we
attach him, accompany
him in decision making and
convince him.
And in addition, that basically
we be able to convey how Funding
can make your life better.
As we have said, the client
is the client.
And how are they?
Well, basically anyone who has
some money saved and it will
be easier to convince those
who have some proactivity,
to be investors.
The first analysis we have to
do, which you always have
to do, is what the protagonist wants?
Because if we are able to
identify what the protagonist
wants, we will get him tied
up from the beginning.
What is the main goal of investing
in renewable energy?
Well, it may be that it is the medium,
but in the bottom, the main desire
of the protagonist, of any savings
maker, of any investor, is to get
a greater profitability, with
little risk to that money
that has cost him so much to win.
That is the real motivation and
we must appeal to that.
Here I want to hint that when it
comes to investments, as there
has been a lot of Timo, there
are many companies that are
and that offer high returns,
etc., we do not have to be
excessively aggressive in
copies, because we can generate
that insecurity, but we
have to be clear.
What the protagonist wants is
that, that we get through investments
in renewable energy is an excellent
means to do so, but the
protagonist's real desire is
to earn more money, to
get more profitability the
money he has.
In addition, in this case we can appeal
to sustainability, we can incorporate
it into copies, in audio, etc.,
we can incorporate the
sustainable concept, because it
may be another of the desires
that we can awaken in the
protagonist.
We are seeing investments improving
in the world.
The theme is that as in all
history always problems arise
and our protagonist has mainly
a problem, and is that to that
type of investments can not access,
because that type of investments
usually require tickets much
higher than 500 euros, then
there are other people who
benefit from those investments,
but not he, who are people with
a lot of money, who invests
through managers, investment
funds, etc., but he is a
small investor, a saviour, a
normal person, current, who
has no access and in many
cases will not have great
financial knowledge, etc.,
and all this can generate
the protagonist a series of
internal problems, which
are truly potent.
As I always say, if we are able
to appeal to internal problems,
not to external ones that are
objective facts, it is when
our history will be more powerful.
What are the internal problems?
Well, that disappointment that can
be generated to the protagonist by
facing the fact that it really costs
him to earn money, but that he
does not have the capabilities
to get the most profit from
that money, but others do.
Here what we could do, Fandino,
which you could incorporate into
your story, are copies as all the
big fortunes invest in renewable
energies, you have to make
the protagonist see that others
are doing it and he is not.
The moment of the story comes when
Fandino has to be positioned as
a guide, as a solution to that problem
and has to say now you can do
it, from now on you can benefit
from investments, from investments
like these, from renewable
energy projects, because I
am here and because I have given
the solution, because I
have created a crowdfunding platform.
The real challenge here, in the case
of Fandino, in the case
of any company that offers this
type of investment services,
the main challenge is authority,
is to generate sufficient
authority or trust.
Why is it?
Everyone is scared of their
money.
There are other things where you
make the decision very quickly,
you don't need so much to offer
you so much security.
In this story, it is necessary.
I have already visualized
that I would love to invest in renewable
energy projects that I alone
can't.
I love the proposal to do it
through more people, through
a crowdfunding platform, but
I can get those doubts of
this people is reliable enough?
Funding should generate
that confidence.
How to do?
Well, because by answering
other people giving very professional
information about the projects,
what I can do is give data
on the volume invested, etc.
This is how you need to build that confidence.
And, at this point, funding what you
have to do is propose a plan to
the protagonist, tell him exactly
how it will work, because when
we get there, we also have a
lot of doubts.
What will be the profitabilities?
When should I make the investment?
Will I be able to take my money?
The typical doubts of any investment.
And if funding is not able at that
moment to expose a very clear plan,
which will generate a lot of comfort
to the protagonist, the protagonist
may have valued and see the attraction
of the story, see the happy end,
but they will generate so many
doubts that they will not decide
to move forward.
Once funding has drawn the way,
it has filled the way, it
has told you exactly the steps
you have to give the protagonist,
that is, we always have to
do very easy, the protagonist
has to understand how you
can do business with us
in the simplest way possible.
The next step is to ask you to
make a decision.
The call to action
is a transitional call
to action.
Please let us know because
we will keep you informed.
People will not make the decision
at once.
As you know, we separate call to
action that are more direct
or immediate from transitional call to action.
In some cases, you have to combine the
two and in the case of funding I think
that it would be necessary to
combine the two.
The first one will want to
know a little more.
We must also give him the
opportunity to do so.
And effectively, in order for him
to make the decision, so that he decides
to invest his money and trust
him, he has to show him as always
what is being played in this story.
What is the happy end and what is it
that we will help you avoid.
And the happy end, the happy end is
we have to clarify very well the profitability
that will be obtained and we
also have to appeal to that you
feel ready, that you feel that
you are taking advantage of an opportunity,
that you feel an investor,
to contribute to the environment,
etc.
It is always very important.
Don't forget to always make it
clear to the protagonist what it is
that you're going to win, because
otherwise you won't have enough
motivation to make a decision.
Not least in a case like this where
you have to invest your money.
And on the other hand, what we also
have to do to you is see what
the risk we will help you avoid.
And in this case the risk we will
help you avoid is the opportunity
cost of not doing so, of
not making the decision, is that
now it is not taking and we
have seen it relatively simple to
create a story that is attractive,
gluing the protagonist
from the first moment with a desire
that it has true that it really
has, not losing us in details
of what we offer, but from its
desire, totally client-centric,
making it visualize
that it has a problem,
that we are there to help it
and what are the steps it
will give and finally, what
is what is being played, because
in depending on that you understand
what is what is being played,
how will you make the
decision to trust
us or not?